Add positron LPA channel example (#362)
BLAST-ImpactX/impactx: examples/positron_channel/README.rst

> .. _examples-fodo:

Reviewer: This needs to be added to the table of contents (ToC) in `docs/source/usage/examples.rst` please, otherwise the doc builder will not pick the file up.

Author: Done

FODO Cell

> =========

Reviewer: since this is an anchor, we need to give it a unique name.
Adjusted title to avoid confusion.
```suggestion
.. _examples-fodo-positron:

FODO Cell w/ Positrons
======================
```

Author: The previous documentation was only a placeholder.  The documentation has been updated.

Stable FODO cell with a zero-current phase advance of 67.8 degrees.

The matched Twiss parameters at entry are:

* :math:`\beta_\mathrm{x} = 2.82161941` m
* :math:`\alpha_\mathrm{x} = -1.59050035`
* :math:`\beta_\mathrm{y} = 2.82161941` m
* :math:`\alpha_\mathrm{y} = 1.59050035`

> We use a 2 GeV electron beam with initial unnormalized rms emittance of 2 nm.

Reviewer: Is the emittance correct?
```suggestion
We use a 10 GeV positron beam with initial unnormalized rms emittance of 2 nm.
```

The second moments of the particle distribution after the FODO cell should coincide with the second moments of the particle distribution before the FODO cell, to within the level expected due to noise due to statistical sampling.

In this test, the initial and final values of :math:`\sigma_x`, :math:`\sigma_y`, :math:`\sigma_t`, :math:`\epsilon_x`, :math:`\epsilon_y`, and :math:`\epsilon_t` must agree with nominal values.

Run
---

This example can be run as a Python script (``python3 run_fodo.py``) or with an app with an input file (``impactx input_fodo.in``).
Each can also be prefixed with an `MPI executor <https://www.mpi-forum.org>`__, such as ``mpiexec -n 4 ...`` or ``srun -n 4 ...``, depending on the system.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Python Script

       .. literalinclude:: run_fodo.py
          :language: python3
          :caption: You can copy this file from ``examples/fodo/run_fodo.py``.

   .. tab-item:: App Input File

       .. literalinclude:: input_fodo.in
          :language: ini

>           :caption: You can copy this file from ``examples/fodo/input_fodo.in``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example can be run as a Python script (``python3 run_positron.py``) or with an app with an input file (``impactx input_positron.in``).
Each can also be prefixed with an `MPI executor <https://www.mpi-forum.org>`__, such as ``mpiexec -n 4 ...`` or ``srun -n 4 ...``, depending on the system.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Python Script

       .. literalinclude:: run_positron.py
          :language: python3
          :caption: You can copy this file from ``examples/positron_channel/run_positron.py``.

   .. tab-item:: App Input File

       .. literalinclude:: input_fodo.in
          :language: ini
          :caption: You can copy this file from ``examples/positron_channel/input_positron.in``.
```

Analyze
-------

We run the following script to analyze correctness:

.. dropdown:: Script ``analysis_fodo.py``

   .. literalinclude:: analysis_fodo.py
      :language: python3

>       :caption: You can copy this file from ``examples/fodo/analysis_fodo.py``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. dropdown:: Script ``analysis_positron.py``

   .. literalinclude:: analysis_positron.py
      :language: python3
      :caption: You can copy this file from ``examples/positron_channel/analysis_positron.py``.
```

Visualize
---------

You can run the following script to visualize the beam evolution over time:

.. dropdown:: Script ``plot_fodo.py``

   .. literalinclude:: plot_fodo.py
      :language: python3
      :caption: You can copy this file from ``examples/fodo/plot_fodo.py``.

.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1353258/180287840-8561f6fd-278f-4856-abd8-04fbdb78c8ff.png
   :alt: focusing, defocusing and preserved emittane in our FODO cell benchmark.

   FODO transversal beam width and emittance evolution

.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1353258/180287845-eb0210a7-2500-4aa9-844c-67fb094329d3.png
   :alt: focusing, defocusing and phase space rotation in our FODO cell benchmark.

>    FODO transversal beam width and phase space evolution

Reviewer: Can the same visualization script be used as for the regular fodo channel?

At least, we need to update the figures here (Upload in a comment to the PR and then use the link to the image for the URLs here).
